Update docker and Spack CI (#1555)
celeritas-project/celeritas: README.md

Celeritas guarantees full compatibility and correctness only on the
combinations of compilers and dependencies tested under continuous integration:
- Compilers and standard:
    - GCC 8, 11, 12, 14
    - Clang 10, 15, 18
    - GCC 11.5 + NVCC 12.6
    - ROCm Clang 18

>     - C++17 and C++20

Reviewer: The standard coverage might depend on the version of Geant4, is it worth mentioning here?

Author: All these apply to the 11.0.4 version being tested, which is compatible with both 17 and 20.

- Dependencies:
    - Geant4 11.0.3
    - VecGeom 1.2.10

Partial compatibility and correctness is available for an extended range of
Geant4:
- 10.5-10.7: no support for tracking manager offload
- 11.0: no support for fast simulation offload
- 11.1-11.3: [no support for default Rayleigh scattering cross section](see
  https://github.com/celeritas-project/celeritas/issues/1091)

> Note also that navigation bugs in older versions of Geant4 and VecGeom can

Reviewer: Do we know the upper bound version number of those bugs (i.e. version number after which those bugs are all gone)?

Author: I think "bug-free" is an unbounded function for any code 😄 but 11.3 is the first one with no known bugs (twisted object navigation being some of the more recent issues).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note also that known navigation bugs in versions of Geant4 older than v11.3 and VecGeom v1.x will cause test failures in Celeritas.
```
